driving through queensbay today is that
of me 20 and 3 we can see lights going
around for the Queen's waiting and
coming to a traffic stop it's not even
in traffic jam
two coming up to the concert
this is not traffic jam somebody's this
sling down I'm going to cut to the right
less fru they're taking care
as you can see that's almost nobody
parking lot and Steph are you see / hear
some music playing on somebody the
violin
mtm tmd nobody is there artist is
performing to the air
try to do some shopping
no but
policing in case i will put on for all
yes nobody maybe about one to two
thousand people around not more than
their go I works nobody answers I'll put
how nobody has anything that is tennis
law is playing but nobody nobody you got
like a bunch of mist is coming through
that's about it nobody